ADDON_SUMMARY - user's manual
Author: ADDON_AUTHOR_NAME

%!includeconf: ../addon_userManual.t2tconf
%!includeconf: addon_informations.t2tconf
%!includeconf: addon_keys.t2tconf
URL: ADDON_AUTHOR_URL

GitHub repository: [ADDON_REPOSITORY]

Download:
- [ stable version ADDON_VERSION ADDON_DOWNLOAD_SERVER1]
- [Development Version ADDON_DEV_URL]


Compatibility:
- minimum version of NVDA supported: MINIMUM_NVDA_VERSION
- latest version of NVDA tested: LAST_TESTED_NVDA_VERSION


= Sommaire =[toc]
%%toc


+ Introduction +
This add-on improves the accessibility of RadioSure software with NVDA.

++ Features ++
This add-on provides:

- [a script to start or stop the current station without moving focus #HDR2],
- [a script to launch the previous or next station from the list of stations already played without moving focus #HDR4],
- [a script to increase or decrease the volume without moving focus #HDR1],
- [a script to cut or reset the volume without moving focus #HDR3],
- [a script to read the volume level without moving focus #HDR5],
- [a script to start or stop the recording of the current station without moving focus #HDR6],
- [a script to display the list of favorite stations #HDR7],
- [a script to display the RadioSure options window #HDR8],
- [a script to read the name of the current station and the status line #HDR9],
- [a script to read the read buffer #HDR10],
- [a script to show or hide the search area and the list of radio stations #HDR11],
- [a script to go to the edit radio station search area #HDR20],
- [a script to go to the list of radio stations (search result) #HDR21],
- [a script to press the Top button #HDR22],
- [a script to quit the application #HDR12],
- [scripts to activate the contextual menu of each column header of the station list to filter the list #HDR14],
- [the possible use of the space bar or the "Enter" key to press a button #HDR13],
- [configurable deactivation of progress bars tracking #HDR15],
- [a script to start playing a station chosen at random from the list of stations #HDR16].



++ update ++
The update of the add-on is, by default, automatically a short time after the start of NVDA (about 10 seconds) and a maximum of once per day.
It is possible to disable this update by unchecking the option "automatically check for updates" placed in "Update" category of the add-on settings.

The version of the add-on can be:
- a stable version: its version number is "1.0" for example.
- either a development version: the version number is of the type "1.0-dev1", or "1.0-rc1", or "1.0-beta2".


By default, the stable version is updated with a stable version more recent (higher version number).


But it is possible to update the stable version running with a development version of the next stable version. Just check the "Update also release versions to development versions"checkBox located in the "Update" category of add-on settings.

A development version is updated:
- with a more recent development version,
- with its stable version,
- or with the latest stable version if the previous option is not checked.

The button "Search for update" placed in the "Update" category of add-on settings allows you to search immediately for an update.

In the case of an automatic update and if a new version is detected, the "Update" dialog box is displayed to suggest:
- either the immediate installation of the new version,
- or to postpone the update until later. In this case, the search will be restarted at least one hour later.


The "What's new" button offers the possibility of opening, in the browser, the history of the extension and thus being able to know the new features of the proposed version.

++ Compatibility ++
This module has been tested with version 2.2 of RadioSure. Lowest versions are not supported.

++ Configuration to be respected ++
No special configuration.

++ Special adaptation ++
For some keyboard configuration, the basic input gestures using the "alt + control" modifier combination are not suitable.

For that, an option allows to use instead the combination "shift+ control" combination.


++ History ++
The version history of this add-on is in the ["changes.html" file changes.html]

+ Script to start or stop playback of the current station +[hdr2]

This script is launched by the keyboard command "KEY_PLAY".

Its purpose is to press the "Play" button without moving the focus.

Pressing this button starts or stops playback of the current station.


+ Scripts to launch the previous or next station +[hdr4]
RadioSure maintains the history of stations played and presents the "Back" and "Next" buttons to move through this history.

These scripts allow you to press these buttons without moving the focus.

These scripts are launched by the following keyboard commands:

- "KEY_BACK": goes to the previous station already played and starts playing it
- "KEY_NEXT": goes to the next station already played and starts playing


+ Scripts to increase or decrease the volume +[hdr1]

These scripts allow you to change the volume level without moving the focus.
These scripts are launched by the following keyboard commands:

- "KEY_INC_3": slightly increase the Volume in steps of 3%,
- "KEY_DEC_3": slightly decrease the Volume in steps of 3%,
- "KEY_INC_5": increase the volume in steps of 5%,
- "KEY_DEC_5": decrease the volume in steps of 5%,
- "KEY_INC_20": greatly increase the volume in steps of 20%,
- "KEY_DEC_20": sharply reduce the volume in steps of 20%,- "KEY_MIDDLE": set the volume at the medium level (50%)



+ Script to cut or reset the volume +[hdr3]

This script is launched by the keyboard command "KEY_MUTE".

Its purpose is to press the "Mute" button without moving the focus.

Pressing this button cuts or restores the volume.


+ Script to read the volume level +[hdr5]
This script is launched by the keyboard command "KEY_SAY_VOLUME".

Without moving the focus, it announces the volume level in percentage


+ Script to start or stop recording of the current station +[hdr6]

This script is launched by the keyboard commands "KEY_REC".

Its purpose is to press the "Rec" button without moving the focus, which starts or stops the recording of the current station.


+ Script to display the list of favorite stations +[hdr7]
This script is launched by the keyboard command "KEY_FAV".

Its purpose is to press the "Fav" button.

Pressing this button brings up the list of favorite stations in the context menu.

+ Script to display the RadioSure options window +[hdr8]
This script is launched by the keyboard command "KEY_OPTIONS".

Its purpose is to press the "Options" button, which causes the RadioSure options configuration window to be displayed.

+ Script to press the Top + button +[hdr22]
This script is launched by the keyboard command "KEY_TOP".
????

+ Script to read the name of the current station and the status line +[hdr9]
This script is launched by the keyboard command "KEY_SAY_INFO".

It announces the information of the current station displayed by RadioSure as:
- the name of the station,
- the reading state started or stopped,
- the encoding used.


Double tap, it will copy this information to the clipboard.

For example:

http://www.maxfm.rs Reading (00:14) MP3, 160 kbps


+ Script to read the reading buffer +[hdr10]
This script is launched by the keyboard command "KEY_SAY_BUFFER".

it announces the reading buffer (information displayed by RadioSure).
For example: 100% buffer


+ Script to show or hide the search area and the list of radio stations +[hdr11]

This script is launched by the keyboard command "KEY_EXPAND".

Its purpose is to press the "Expand" button without moving the focus.

This press displays or hides the search zone and the list of stations.
If there is a display, the focus is placed in the station list.


+ script to go to the radio station search editing area +[HDR20]
This script is launched by the keyboard command KEY_GOTO_SEARCHEDIT.

Its purpose is to focus on the radio station search editing area.

This editing area is in the form of an edit field and a drop-down list memorizing the previous search criteria.
This editing area may not be displayed.
In that case,the script causes a press on the Expand button to make it appear before moving the focus.

If the keyboard command is typed when the focus is already in the area, the script signals this.


+ script to go to the list of radio stations +[HDR21]
This script is launched by the keyboard command KEY_GOTO_STATIONSLIST.

Its purpose is to put the focus in the list of radio stations which contains the search result.
The focus is placed on the radio station previously selected and it is announced, such as for example:

# Musik.12punks on RauteMusik.FM; Country: Germany; Genre: Rock-Punk; Language: German

This list may not be displayed.
In this case, the script causes a press on the Expand button to make it appear before moving the focus.
If the keyboard command is typed when the focus is already in the list the script signals it.

+ Script to exit the application +[hdr12]
This script is launched by the keyboard command "KEY_EXIT".

Its purpose is to press the "Exit" button.

This press results in user confirmation, closing the window and stopping the RadioSure application.


+ Activation of the contextual menu of the header of the columns of the station list +[HDR14]
RadioSure allows you to filter stations using the contextual menu of the header of each column of the station list.

but this requires a set of painful maneuvers that the following scripts remove:
- "KEY_Filter_Title": activate the contextual menu of the header of the "Title" column.
- "KEY_Filter_Country": activate the contextual menu of the header of the "Country" column.
- "KEY_Filter_Genre": activate the contextual menu of the header of the "Genre" column.
- "KEY_Filter_Language": activate the contextual menu of the header of the "Language" column.



These input gestures can be modified using the NVDA "Input gestures" dialog.

Note: when a filter is applied, RadioSure signals this by preceding the label of the column header with a "*". Several filters can be applied at the same time.


+ Press a button with the space bar +[HDR13]
In RadioSure, the space bar is provided by default to activate the buttons, but not the "Enter" key.

Now to press the buttons, you can use the "Enter" key or the space bar.

The module provides this possibility without preventing operation in all other situations.

+ Disabling progress bars tracking +[HDR15]
When starting a station, RadioSure visually reports the progress and NVDA announces the changes of this progress according to the configuration of the choice "Progress bar output " of "Object Presentation" category of NVDA settings.

This is not of great interest and quite unpleasant in the long run.

Although it is possible by manually configuring this option and only for RadioSure using a configuration profile, to deactivate any announcement, the add-on offers to do so by default.

It is obviously possible to return to normal operation by unchecking the "Disable progress bars update" checkbox located in the "Options" category of add-on settings.

+ play of a station randomly +[HDR16]
This script is triggered by the "KEY_Random_Playback" input gesture.

It randomly chooses a station from among the stations in the station list and starts playing it. If the station list is not displayed, it is displayed by pressing the "Expand" button.

To ensure that the playback starts correctly, it monitors the connection status of the station for the time configured in the "Random playing"group of the "Maximum delay for waiting connection" comboBox of the "Options" category of add-on settings.


At the end of this time and if the connection has not been successful, it starts over with another station the number of times configured in the "Maximum stations to check" comboBox placed in the "Random playing" group of the "Options" category of add-on settings.

By default, it memorizes stations with connection faults to exclude them virtually from the list of stations and thus do not choose them again. This operation can be deactivated by unchecking the "Skip stations without connection" check box in the "Random playing" group of the "Options" category of the add-on settings.

This group also offers a button to delete all the stored stations.

To shorten the search time for a good station, it is preferable to have as many stations as possible in the list that are connecting.