ADDON_SUMMARY - History
Author: ADDON_AUTHOR_NAME


%!includeconf: ../addon_global.t2tconf
%!includeconf: addon_informations.t2tconf
URL: [ADDON_REPOSITORY ADDON_REPOSITORY]


Download:
- [Current stable version: ADDON_CUR_VERSION ADDON_DOWNLOAD_SERVER1]
- [Previous stable Version: ADDON_PREV_VERSION ADDON_DOWNLOAD_PREVIOUS]
- [Development's versions ADDON_DEV_URL]


Sorry, but this document is an automatic translation from french language.


+ v2.9 (October/18/2024) +
Compatibility with NVDA 2024.2, NVDA 2024.3 and NVDA 2024.4.

NVDA versions prior to version 2023.1 are no longer supported.


+ v2.8 (March/23/2024) +
Compatibility with NVDA 2024.1

What's new:
- taking into account the "Speech on demand" mode introduced in nvda 2024.1: all scripts announcing information will vocalize this information. In this mode, all other scripts will remain silent.


Bug fixes:
- spelling correction of certain character strings.


Development:
- update of the psutil library to version 5.9.6.
- use of the scriptHandler.script decorator.
- removal of code specific to versions prior to NVDA 2022.1.


+ v2.7 (February/14/2023) +
Compatibility with NVDA 2023.1

+ v2.6 (May/31/2022) +
- some voice messages were not displayed on the braille display.
- fixed inability to view add-on history using the "View History" button.


+ v2.5 (February/04/2022) +
- compatibility with NVDA 2022.1
- reset the configuration in the event of errors in the configuration file.


Changes:
- during an automatic update of the add-on, it no longer asks the user if he wants to keep the current configuration parameters of the add-on.
- during a manual installation of the add-on, a confirmation request is requested when the user has chosen not to keep the current settings of the add-on configuration.


+ v2.4 (November/01/2021) +
Compatibility with NVDA 2021.3

+ v2.3.2 (July/09/2021) +
Bug fixes:
- some input  gestures like "control + p", "control + m", didn't work.


+ v2.3.1 (June/25/2021) +
added Turkish translation

+ v2.3 (June/22/2021) +
- compatibility with NVDA 2021.1. Versions of NVDA prior to 2019.3 are not supported.
- removed code specific to Python 2.7.


+ v2.2 (December/19/2020) +
- compatibility with NVDA 2020.4.
- addition of the "View history" button in the "Update" category of the add-on's parameters.


+ v2.1 (October/27/2020) +
- compatibility with NVDA 2020.3.
- change of gestures "control + left and right arrow" by "alt + left and right arrow".
- possibility of choosing the combination "shift+control" instead of "alt + control" for input gestures.
- addition of the "What's new" button in the dialog proposing the installation of a new update.


+ v2.0 (July/16/2020) +
- compatibility with NVDA 2020.2
- addition of scripts to activate the contextual menu of each column of the header of the station list.
- configurable deactivation of progress bar tracking.


+ v1.1.2 (28/04/2020) +
Adding TR translation
+ v1.1.1 (06/04/2020) +
Adding AR translation

+ v1.1 (03/04/2020) +
- compatibility with NVDA 2020.1,
- compliance for NVDA extension compatibility test


+ v1.0 (12/02/2020) +
The extension has changed its name and goes back to version 1.0.

Compatibility with NVDA 2019.3 and with versions higher than 2019.1.



+ v1.4. (19 Juin 2014) +

- translation of the documentation for the RadioSure add-on into Spanish by Rémy Ruiz


+ v1.3 (17 Juin 2014) +

- added keyboard commands to move the focus to the search area and the station list
- modification of the clickExpandButton script to focus on the list of stations


+ v1.2 (5 Juin 2014) +
Complete recovery of the add-on written by a stranger



